AWS Transit Gateway (#3748)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/security/transit-gateway.md

---
title: Peer your Timescale Cloud services with AWS Transit Gateway
excerpt: Securely connect to your Timescale Cloud services from AWS, GCP, Azure, or any other cloud or on-premise environment 
products: [cloud]
keywords: [AWS, transit gateway]
tags: [aws]
cloud_ui:
    path:
        - [services, :serviceId, operations, vpc]
---

# Peer your $SERVICE_LONGs with AWS Transit Gateway

You use [AWS Transit Gateway][aws-transit-gateway] as a traffic controller for your network. Instead of setting up lots of direct connections to virtual private clouds, on-premise data centers, and other AWS services, you connect everything to Transit Gateway. This simplifies your network and makes it easier to manage and scale.

> $CLOUD_LONG allows you to then create a peering connection between your $SERVICE_SHORTs and AWS Transit Gateway. This means that, no matter how big or complex your infrastructure is, you can connect securely to your $SERVICE_LONGs. 

Reviewer: Do you mean that after you have setup AWS Transit Gateway, you create a peering connection between your $SERVICE_LONGs and  and AWS Transit Gateway? 

Please check the whole doc for allows and either remove it or change to enables.

1. Attach individual $SERVICE_SHORTs to the Peering $VPC.

## Create a Peering $VPC

To create a Peering $VPC:

<Procedure>

1. **In [$CONSOLE][console-login] > `Security` > `VPC`, click `Create a VPC`**

   ![$CLOUD_LONG new $VPC](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/add-peering-vpc.png)

1.  **Choose your region and IP range, name your VPC, then click `Create VPC`**

    ![Create a new VPC in $CLOUD_LONG](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/configure-peering-vpc.png)

    Your $SERVICE_SHORT and Peering $VPC must be in the same AWS region. The number of Peering $VPCs you can create in your project depends on your [pricing plan][pricing-plans]. If you need another Peering $VPC, either contact [support@timescale.com](mailto:support@timescale.com) or change your pricing plan in [$CONSOLE][console-login].

1.  **Add a peering connection**

    1. In the `VPC Peering` column, click `Add`.
    1. Provide your AWS account ID, VPC ID or Transit Gateway ID, optionally CIDR range, and AWS region. 
    1. Click `Add connection`.

    ![Add peering](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/add-peering.png)

</Procedure>

## Accept and configure peering connection

> Once your peering connection appears as `Processing`, you can accept and configure it on the Transit Gateway side: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your peering connection appears as `Processing`, you can accept and configure it on the Transit Gateway side: 
```
```suggestion
Once your peering connection appears as `Processing`, you accept and configure it in AWS: 
```

<Procedure>

1. **Accept the peering request**

>    In your AWS account, accept the peering request coming from the $COMPANY AWS account. The peering request can take up to 5 min to arrive. Once accepted, the peering should appear as `Connected` in $CONSOLE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In your AWS account, accept the peering request coming from the $CLOUD_LONG. The peering request can take up to 5 min to arrive. Once accepted, the peering should appear as `Connected` in $CONSOLE.
```

1. **Configure networking in your AWS account**

    Configure at least the following:

    1. Your subnet route table to route traffic to your Transit Gateway for the Peering VPC CIDRs.
    1. Your Transit Gateway route table to route traffic to the newly created Transit Gateway peering attachment for the Peering VPC CIDRs.
    1. Security groups to allow outbound TCP 5432.

</Procedure>

## Attach a $CLOUD_LONG service to the Peering VPC

<Procedure>

> 1. In $CONSOLE > Services, select the $SERVICE_SHORT you want to connect to the Peering VPC.

Reviewer: Can you highlight to match the next steps, and possibly add the */services link for $CONSOLE please.

To configure this secure connection, you:

1. Create a $CLOUD_LONG Peering $VPC with a peering connection to your AWS Transit Gateway.
1. Accept and configure the peering connection on your side.
1. Attach individual $SERVICE_SHORTs to the Peering $VPC.

## Create a Peering $VPC

To create a Peering $VPC:

<Procedure>

1. **In [$CONSOLE][console-login] > `Security` > `VPC`, click `Create a VPC`**

   ![$CLOUD_LONG new $VPC](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/add-peering-vpc.png)

1.  **Choose your region and IP range, name your VPC, then click `Create VPC`**

    ![Create a new VPC in $CLOUD_LONG](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/configure-peering-vpc.png)

    Your $SERVICE_SHORT and Peering $VPC must be in the same AWS region. The number of Peering $VPCs you can create in your project depends on your [pricing plan][pricing-plans]. If you need another Peering $VPC, either contact [support@timescale.com](mailto:support@timescale.com) or change your pricing plan in [$CONSOLE][console-login].

1.  **Add a peering connection**

    1. In the `VPC Peering` column, click `Add`.

>     1. Provide your AWS account ID, VPC ID or Transit Gateway ID, optionally CIDR range, and AWS region. 

Reviewer 2: The CIDRs are mandatory for Transit Gateway peering (if you write a TGW ID, f.e. tgw-xxx, the word "optional" disappears). This screen can now be used for traditional VPC peering and TGW peering.
So, since this doc is only about TGW peering, I would change to:
"Provide your AWS account ID, Transit Gateway ID, CIDR range/s, and AWS region."

    1. Click `Add connection`.

    ![Add peering](https://assets.timescale.com/docs/images/add-peering.png)

</Procedure>

## Accept and configure peering connection

Once your peering connection appears as `Processing`, you can accept and configure it in AWS: 

<Procedure>

1. **Accept the peering request**

>    In your AWS account, accept the peering request coming from $CLOUD_LONG. The peering request can take up to 5 min to arrive. Once accepted, the peering should appear as `Connected` in $CONSOLE.

Reviewer 2: Once accepted, the peering will need up to 5 min more to appear as `Connected` too.

1. **Configure networking in your AWS account**

    Configure at least the following:

    1. Your subnet route table to route traffic to your Transit Gateway for the Peering VPC CIDRs.
    1. Your Transit Gateway route table to route traffic to the newly created Transit Gateway peering attachment for the Peering VPC CIDRs.
    1. Security groups to allow outbound TCP 5432.

</Procedure>

## Attach a $CLOUD_LONG service to the Peering VPC

To attach a $SERVICE_SHORT to the Peering VPC:

<Procedure>

1. **In [$CONSOLE][console-services], select the $SERVICE_SHORT you want to connect to the Peering VPC**

> 1. **Click `Security` > `VPC`**

Reviewer 2: This is under "Operations" now.
Operations > Security > VPC
